Agentic-reference case registry and workflow fixtures (#379)
storybookjs/mcp: agent-eval/evals/702-rework-ui-flow/PROMPT.md

> Adjusting quantities works differently depending on where you are — when you're adding a dish you tap plus and minus, but in the cart you pick a number from a dropdown list. Make it work the same way everywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjusting dish quantities works differently depending on where you are in the app. When adding a dish in a restaurant page, you tap plus and minus, but in the cart, you pick a number from a dropdown list. Make it work the same way everywhere.
```
